Update for has_visit_observation and is_real_time (#59)
inform-health-informatics/emap_documentation: changelogs/current-change_log.md

Table           | Attributes added | Attributes removed | 
:-- |:-- |:--
patient_condition      | added_date |
patient_condition      | resolution_date |
patient_condition      | is_deleted |
visit_observation_type | has_visit_observation |
visit_observation_type | is_real_time |

### Changes/fixes

- Adds columns to patient_condition to accommodate problem lists 

> - Adds a `has_visit_observation` column to `visit_observation_type` as a flag for whether this type has underlying data
> - Adds a `is_real_time` column to `visit_observation_type` as a flag whether the data is being updated in real time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can now know if a visit observation has any data (`has_visit_observation` column) and if it is being updated in real time (`is_real_time` column)
```

Table           | Attributes added | Attributes removed | 
:-- |:-- |:--
patient_condition      | added_date |
patient_condition      | resolution_date |
patient_condition      | is_deleted |
visit_observation_type | has_visit_observation |

> visit_observation_type | is_real_time |

Reviewer: I think as well adding a summary or explanation of why the tables have changed would be useful.

Reviewer 2: agreed

Author: done!
please feel free to push any clarifying changes. documentation is not my forté
